Use new version of `has_crop_tools()` from knitr (#2532)
rstudio/rmarkdown: NEWS.md

rmarkdown 2.26
================================================================================

> - **rmarkdown** has now a dependency on **knitr** >= 1.43.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **rmarkdown** now requires **knitr** >= 1.43.
```

- Get rid of the superfluous warning in `find_pandoc()` (thanks, @jszhao, #2527).

- Removed the **stringr** dependency since it is used only once in the package and the equivalent base R code is simple enough (thanks, @etiennebacher, #2530).

> - When `fig_crop: auto`, it will now uses the same logic as in knitr to decide if cropping is possible (yihui/knitr#2246).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For the output format option `fig_crop: auto`, it will now use the same logic as in **knitr** to decide if cropping is possible (yihui/knitr#2246).
```
